// noise class fix for iphone. must render 2times bigger than window height and width
find fix fir when zooming. probably a js fix somewhere here

what i did
created html pages for the site, designed these pages with figma, applied the designs using css without a framework
introduced my own javascript for each page.
for the landing and work pages, created modals for images so on click the image would enlarge.
learned three.js and applied it on the landing and ipodLive pages.
for the landing page, applied an Ascii effect addon that effects the dom's canvas and displays the scene using ascii text.
for the ipodLive page I learned how to animate in three.js moving the camera and models throughout the animation. i learned how to use environment maps and HDRI's so that the model would have environment based lighting. learned how to texture map for the model to make it my own, I edited the roughness/metallic, base colour and normal maps in order to do this. Roughness to change how reflective a surface on the model is, Normal to change how certain areas on the model are perceived and base colour to introduce stickers and the texture of the model.
i then learned how to integrate the Spotify developers API into the site, I had to create functions within the page hosting platform netlify. these functions will get my spotify secret code that refreshes every 15 mins or so. i then learned how to use the api to call certain variable of what i was listening to such as, track name, artist name, time elapsed into song and cover art, i then call these values from the netlify function and bring them into my local script. From here I mapped these values to another getsong function and applied them to my freshly made screen for the model. i created a fallback track, in the case no music was playing. I also created an animation button that will focus the ipod on eventclicks. 
For the work page i dynamically made a container that on hover will change the sizes of the containers around the entire page. on clicking an image, a modal pops up with the name of the artist and other images from that post/shoot will be brought up alongside it vertically,
i then learned how to dynamically load images into all of my pages by using the cloudinary cdn. i reduced image sizes using squoosh. The images display different sizes and resolutions based on the viewport size. essentially meaning that on a mobile device due to their screens being smaller than desktops, i can load smaller images for faster loading times.
i then optimised each pages loading times by reducing unnecessary calls for functions. i created a global file for both css and javascript, these files both carry code that is reused accross the entire site.
Next i optimised the site and its pages for mobile, making sure that each page still displayed nicely on smaller devices, i re-designed some of these pages just for mobile viewing using media queries and javascript.
Every Image on the site has been Shot, Edited and designed by me.
For the main page, i created my own custom text for links to each of the pages, the custom text was hand drawn by me. 
For hosting like i mentioned earlier i used the netlify cli. originally i had it hosted on github-pages but found it good until i needed server side functions for the spotify api.
next on the list was to learn how to use google analytics. i created a project for this in GA4 and implemented it on each page, so i can see web traffic,
This site has been in the works for a couple of months, design began in November 2024 using cargo as i initially wanted to make it entirely on there due to how nice some of the effects are on there and due to ease of use. i forgot about it for a while until March 2025 when i decided i was going to fully code it myself by any means necessary. From March till mid April i worked on it consistantly and got the barebones of what the site was going to be down. i took a break till July due to being busy with other projects and work. I finished the site in August 2025. Everything ont this site has a purpose, was placed in its position carefully by me, every font, animation, image and design choice was done by me and me only. Im happy and excited to put this out there. This website is a culmination of everything i care about, from the images to the design and to the music that brought me to where i am today. to many this is just going to be another website, cool. but to me this is an expression of me ! and i couldnt be prouder of it. This entire thing youre looking at and experiencing is a specifically curated portfolio by cpd.jpg!